name is eight Johnstone right now we're
at the Bill Pickett Riding Academy
located on West River Drive and
Montgomery Fairmont Park Philadelphia
Belmont State was built to be a police
stable back in the xxx matter of fact
1936 it was the house the femoral park
guards mounted guard and they moved out
of here about 1930 you know we moved in
the building was faculty vacant during
that period of time between nineteen
seventy I moved in 96 we moved in here
to start a youth program we bring the
kids down here going to summer months
just to get them out the neighborhood
expose them to the horses and you know
we have them riding but this whole thing
wasn't designed to make riders out of
them but it's just to get them out the
neighborhoods and I know one of the
things that did for me when my kids were
young I think my oldest boy he was 33
now when he was about 12 with all my
kids we got involved in horses and I
liked the thing and matter of fact I
know that it built up their
self-confidence I think I was always
fascinated with horses and my brother
brought some to my attention that long
ago because I remember telling him my
first experience with a horse when we
were young I think I was about six or
seven and I'm from the Harrisburg area a
guy used to come around with a pony
you know and go around the neighborhood
taking picture right so while he was out
in the neighborhood taking pictures he
used to park his trailer to near our
house so I used to go peep in the
trailer and I was so fascinated saying
to myself a horse used to be in there
you know right on down to building a
stall next to my house you know and
didn't have a horse you know so I think
the fastest like what most kids though
we all fascinated with men horses and
that was mine and then I went to when I
had a chance to go away to school at
Arizona State weekend we used to go
riding you know and
and I think that's what started it but
getting involved with it with my kids
you know my wife thought we was all
sitting around the table talking about
what could we do with our kids as a as a
family so my wife said oh and she always
liked horses
I always had this little thing for
horses without what was you know and and
it was one of the best purchases I ever
made